Ah
[song]
[applause]
Pull, help, revive, oh!
Give me your number, I'm craving lottery numbers, the prominent numbers are blurry, Grandma's number, my
hand, I do
n't wipe it, oh yes, I love you, oh yes, tell me.
Walking silently, wanting nothing in return.   The
most famous account is splashing or telling something is holding back,
plus, should I go to the
green one?
[Applause]
[Song] [
Song]
Yaba
[Song]
It points
out
[Song]
There's life, help watch the football, on the hoop, help the sky.
When we'll probably go, you
walk with the
account,
there's a Honda, a good thing,
which is light, I like it, it's not beautiful, protect me, sing
[Song]
Nov.
[Applause]
[Song]
Secretly watching, help the light, Bill Soi, dumping other stocks.
So, put out the fire again, don't wipe it, the ice is still there.
[Song]
It's old-fashioned, the way it's written, the old-fashioned way, sometimes girls,
3 messages, saying "I love
you, brother," the one used to measure, the house, brand, if it's medicine, the name is old-fashioned, it must be written on the leaf, old-fashioned, my column, hanging, like, you're drunk, you like it, not beautiful, give it to the account [Applause] Brother Phorn reads it well,
lighthearted people like it often, beautiful, spreading,
November
[Song]
Note
January